Create by Brian Hart @ all rights reserved
PitchBook Data Inc.
Fight Club Research Team
Please contact Brian.Hart@pitchbook.com to report any issues or update requests regarding this script or if you'd just like to talk. 




PROJECT ROADMAP
---------------------------------------------------------

[] Break Helper Functions out into new script
[] Change searches on "Stock split" to "Pages"
[] Use if WinExist to make sure that scripts are only running in "Fight Club - Google Chrome" and "PitchBook RTS - Google Chrome"

share_note function improvements:
	[x] Get share class name
	2. Handle unknown share price case 

warrant_round:
	1. Change the note to read: "The company raised EUR $$$ through a combination of warrants and venture funding"

Functions to copy content to round details:
	- Define several ways to click the Update RTS button based on different cases:
		- Debt Assumption
		- Round Assumption
		- Warrant Assumption

Switch Window function:
	[x] Define a variable with the name of the company as found in the Fight Club tool
	[x] Define a variable with the current round number.
	[x] Switch to the RTS chrome window based on the name of the company.
	[] Open round details window indexing on the round number of the current round.

Find Funding Usage function:
	1. Find the funding usage sentence and cut it.
	2. Click the create round note button.
	3. Paste back in the funding usage sentence at the end of the funding note and save.

Check If Last round function:
	1. Get Round numbers
	2. Check if the current round is the highest round number.

Debt Assumption function:
	1. Define a variable with the RTS round amount
	2. Define a variable as the Fight Club tool amount
	3. Define a variable as the difference between the Fight Club tool amount and the RTS round amount
	4. Call the Switch Window function.
	5. Put difference into the debt fields on the round details and set debt to "other".
	6. Put former RTS round amount back into round amount fields.
	7. Call the debt_round function to set the correct fields.
	8. Call the Find Funding Usage function.
	9. Copy round note and close round details window.
	10. Call Check If Last Round function.
	11. If it's the lastest round, open round details and paste in new round note.
	12. Call Create Act Log and Enter Relevant Settings function.

Round Assumption Input function:
	1. Define a variable as the RTS round amount.
	2. Divide the RTS round amount by the number of shares and input it into the pricing cells.
	3. Call the share_note function.

Round Assumption function:
	1. Call the Switch Window function.
	2. Call the estimated_round function
	3. Call the Find Funding Usage function.
	4. Copy round note and close round details window.
	5. Call Check If Last Round function.
	6. If it's the lastest round, open round details and paste in new round note.
	7. Call Create Act Log and Enter Relevant Settings function.

Warrant Assumption function:
	1. Define a variable with the RTS round amount
	2. Define a variable as the Fight Club tool amount
	3. Define a variable as the difference between the Fight Club tool amount and the RTS round amount
	4. Define a variable with the round note from the Fight Club Tool.
	5. Call the Switch Window function.
	6. Put former RTS round amount back into round amount fields.
	7. Call warrant_round function.
	8. Find tranche section and create new tranche
	9. Input diffence into tranche amount.
	10. Set relevant fields to the correct settings.
	11. Go to the tranche note and call the auto_timestamp function.
	12. Paste round note into the tranche note section.
	13. Go to external note section and print: "The company raised EUR " + (%warrant_amount% * 1,000,000) + "in warrants on " 
	14. Save tranche
	15. Call the Find Funding Usage function.
	16. Copy round note and close round details window.
	17. Call Check If Last Round function.
	18. If it's the lastest round, open round details and paste in new round note.
	19. Call Create Act Log and Enter Relevant Settings function.

Create Act Log and Enter Relevant Settings function:
	1. Find Add Activity button and create new act log
	2. Go to correct field and call the act_log_settings function
	3. Add initials to the Scrub and QA fields and click check marks
	4. Save act log
	5. Set act log to closed
	6. Save and don't open new act log.
	7. Copy pbID.